Markdown Here lets you write email in Markdown and render it (make it pretty!) before sending.

This is great for anyone who doesn't like fiddling around with formatting buttons while writing an email. It's especially good for programmers who write email with code in them.

Totally simple to use:
1. Write your email in your email client's rich editor using Markdown.
2. Right-click in the compose area and then click "Markdown Toggle".
3. Your email is now pretty! (That is, it's been rendered to HTML.)
4. If you like the way it looks, just send it. If you want to change or add something, click "Markdown Toggle" again to get back to your original Markdown. Rinse and repeat.

If only part of your email is Markdown (like if you're writing a reply and the original email is in your message body), then select the part you want to render into pretty HTML, right click, and click "Markdown Toggle". Only your selection will be converted. To revert back to the original Markdown, right click in the rendered block and click "Markdown Toggle" again.

Markdown Here is primarily targeted to work with Gmail, but it also works pretty well with Yahoo and Hotmail. It also works with Thunderbird.

Privacy: Markdown Here accesses and modifies the content of your email. It can, in theory, access other web content, but does not. It also makes no Internet requests itself whatsoever. You data is modified when and where you choose, and does not leave your browser.

Available as a Chrome, Firefox, and Thunderbird extension.

This is an open source project. Visit the Markdown Here's Github page for full instructions, more information, bug reports, or to contribute.

https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here


Change Log

2012-xx-yy: v2.2.0

Email signatures are now excluded from conversion. Signatures must be preceded by "-- " (note the space at the end).


2012-05-31: v2.1.3

Firefox/Thunderbird: "Markdown Toggle" menu item will show up for non-rich-edit elements, but an error message will be given if the item is clicked. Hopefully this will help people notice that they're not using a rich editor, instead of wondering where the menu item is.

Chrome: If the "Markdown Toggle" menu item is clicked for a non-rich-edit element, a helpful error message will be shown.

Fixed bug: Significant trailing spaces were being stripped. This was breaking the Markdown syntax feature of two spaces at the end of the line indicating a hard line break.

Changed context menu access key to 'k'. Previously, Chrome had no access key and Firefox/Thunderbird had the more-common letter 'm'.

Other minor bugfixes.


2012-05-21: v2.1.2

Chrome: Fixed manifest. Using manifest version 2 worked in debug, but not when published to the Store. Had to delete original Store extension in the process. :(

Chrome: Updated manifest home page link to new Store address.


2012-05-21: v2.1.0

Added Thunderbird support to Firefox extension.

Tightened security restrictions in Chrome extension.


2012-05-20: v2.0.0

Added Firefox extension.

Chrome version: Moved most rendering code out of content scripts and into background scripts. This means less code needs to be loaded with each page. (The Firefox version also more or less behaves like this.)


2012-05-17: v1.2.1

Bug fix: Rendering and reverting same selection (rather than reverting a point or selection within the original selection) would result in a loss of original Markdown.


2012-05-16: v1.2.0

New feature: You can convert only part of an email by selected a region before clicking "Markdown Toggle". This is great for replies. To revert back to Markdown, right-click in the converted block and click "Markdown Toggle" again.


2012-05-15: v1.1.2

Fixed issue with fonts sent and received by Yahoo.


2012-05-14: v1.1.1

Fixed Gmail display of received rendered-from-Markdown email. Gmail was killing the <style> block, so styles are now also set explicitly on each element. Gmail works great now.


2012-05-13: v1.1.0

Added ability to revert rendered HTML back to Markdown.


2012-05-12: v1.0.0

Initial release.
